Good morning. Good morning.  There were such cases. Not for tarologs, but for ronologs. And for... Well, there was a method for kart желаний. In short, how do these projects look like?  ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...  He says, that for a serious argument, you are going to turn to Ulyan. This is a kind of view. Can you see? Yes, of course. Listen, look. It's a very bad idea.  I'll explain why. As a card of the day, it may be where it works, but a card of the day is something like that. It's the same. It's the same. What's the case of the schedule. For the time to close one question, the person should be, first of all, honest with himself. And in every case, in every request, the card will be individually.  So, I don't know, what is the number of generations and variations? Well, it's good for them, that they are highly personalized. You can add a big question, so that a person can tell you what they usually ask.  Well, if it comes to the question of business, and I work with business, then it's only individual consultations. There are no options.  It's a very difficult question. It's a big amount of money. I thought about bringing bots. The idea is not enough. I saw how they do it. But, honestly, the result was that it didn't work. It didn't work for people to do it.  Do you have any kind of quick solutions that you can offer? No. A quick consultation? No. I have no idea from this format. A quick consultation? No. A quick consultation? No.  These variations on the topic, let's work with them, I'll tell you, I'll show you, I'll show you. No, they don't work. Because it's my time, it's my money. So, what about the variations of the bot, it's all individual. There are very big risks.  very big risk to give an error information, from which a person will go away. So, if it was a love topic, that's what's there, that's what's there, that's what's there, that's what's there, that's what's there, that's what's there, that's what's there, that's what's there. People eat it. But in the question of business, I don't experiment.  If you want to take something short, it's not just a solution for specific business tasks, but not something that's too common. No, I don't even have a list. When there were free consultations for half hours, but no.  Потому что, смотри, у каждого торолога своя ниша и свои методы работы. Кому-то это заходит. Я так не рискую людьми. Потому что у нас люди, объясняю еще раз, люди максимально ленивы. И приняв какой-то бесплатный совет за какую-то догму,  they can go and start it in a way. This may be a mistake. What if it is not a consultation, not a proposal, but a bot that provides a daily reflex.  How to prepare you to do it? It's only in the live way I can grab the information. Because, look, business processes change. A person who needs a consultation, we solve in the moment and in strategic order.  Not all people can form their own thoughts. So, I need to collect information about them, but it will not be correct if the person doesn't want to go to me in consultation. If he does, he does not want to take an exam. And I have time for him. And he works well with the arrangement.  Even for those who don't know their thoughts. And about business processes. Business processes change, but the person changes. His style of behavior, his vision is plus-minus identical.  For example? For example, a bot who just wants to reflect every day every day. How did your day go? What are your thoughts on today?  He asks questions. It's more of a case. I think it's also possible to use it. It's also possible to solve the situation.  Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.  If it doesn't bring you money in the moment. If I don't have time to reflect, I'm going to be very fast in the house. But it's not every day. How often do you think they can do it?  Well, it can be done, let's say, once in a week. Once in a week, yes, it can be done well. Well, once in a week, a lot of things forgets. But every day it is... Well, every day... How can I do it?  Можно не навязывать ежедневную, не пушить каждый день, просто периодически напоминать, что если тебе хочется в чем-то разобраться, пиши. Если есть какая-то мысль, с которой непонятно, что делать.  Let's try to do it. Let's try to do it. Let's try to do it. It's a push, it's a reflexive, once in a week. I don't know. I'll think about it. In psychology, in esoterics, it's good.  Yeah, that's why I didn't have a bot on this topic. Well... Well, I've got a lot of them, probably. Not all of them, but all of them, I'm pretty happy. I can see some of them. Yeah, I'll show some of them.  Есть неплохое решение для... Это что-то вроде коучинга. Заказчик помогает учиться переговорам.  to talk to him. And he's like, I'll tell you what to answer. He's going to make a small task. He's going to give a screen for a copy. He's going to make a small break. He's going to make a small break. Here it is.  Here I can show you. I can show you. I can show you. I can show you. I can show you. I can show you.  Sлушай, а у тебя только расклады? Или есть какие-то еще продукты? Может быть, сообщество? Расклады – это не основное. Просто Петр увидел, когда я заполняла анкету, я написала, что это бизнес Таро. Я веду бизнес игры на Таро. Это маркетинг на Таро. Разработка маркетинговых стратегий. Стратегии бизнеса, позиционирования, анализа конкурентов. Это все я делаю на Таро.  For this reason, I don't really understand how to do it. Because there are any kind of things here. Let me call it. Let me call it.  Yeah. No. I'm going to write. I'm waiting for you. I'm waiting for you. I'm waiting for you.  Um...