Hmm.  Good morning. Good morning.  There were such cases, but not for tarologs, but for runologs and for... Well, there was a method of kart желаний. In short, how actually these projects look like? It's a bot, in which...  in which is traffic, and which will solve a minimum and fast problem. For example, a daily basis. It generates the AI, it generates well, it always likes it. And it sends, let's say, a daily basis.  He repeatedly says, that for a serious argument, you're going to turn to Ulyan. It's about like a view. Can you see that? Yes, of course. Listen, look, that's the card Taro. It's a very bad idea.  I'll explain why. It's like a card of the day. It's maybe where it works, but a card of the day is something like that. It's the general tract of the day, and they have all their own. What's the case of the склад. For the sake of the day, the person should be, first of all, honest with himself. And in every case, in every request, the tract of the card will be individually.  So, I don't know, what is the number of generations and variations? Well, it's good for them, that they are maximum personalized. You can add a small question, or a big question, so that a person can tell you what they usually ask.  Well, if it comes to the question of business, and I work all-таки with business, that's all these things that are there, that's not my topic, then it's only individual consultations. There are no common options.  It's a very difficult question, and the error is a large amount of money. I thought about the introduction of bots. The idea is not new. I saw how they do it, but, honestly, the result was that it didn't work. It doesn't work for people to do it like they need.  Do you have any lead magnets, any kind of quick solutions that you can give? No. A quick consultancy? No, I have no idea from this format. A quick consultancy? No, I have no idea from this format. A quick consultancy that you can build? A quick consultancy, they are all free.  These variations on the topic, let's work on them, I'll tell you, I'll show you, I'll show you. No, they don't work. Because it's my time, it's my money. So, what's the case of the variations of the bot, it's all individual. There are very big risks.  There are very big risks to give ошибочную information, from which a person will go away. So, if it was a love question, if it was a love question, if it was a good one, if it was a good one, if it was a good one, if it was a good one, people eat it. But in the question of business, I don't experiment with it.  Well, if you try to take something that is not just a short answer, but not something that is too common. No, I don't even have a list of things. When-то there were a full-time consultations, but no.  Потому что, смотри, просто у каждого таролога своя ниша и свои, в общем-то, методы работы. Кому-то это заходит. Я так не рискую людьми. Ну, потому что у нас люди, объясняю ещё раз, люди максимально ленивы. И приняв какой-то бесплатный совет за какую-то догму,  they can go and start it in a way. This may be a mistake. What if it is not a consultation, not a discussion, but a preparation to this? A bot, which provides a daily reflex.  рассказывает, как подготовиться к этому. Возможно, собирает информацию, которая потом тебе пригодится для консультации. Это только вживую я могу собрать ту информацию. Потому что, смотри, бизнес-процессы меняются. Человек, которому нужна консультация, мы решаем в моменте и в стратегическом порядке вопросов.  Not all people can in a way grammatly formulate their thoughts. So, to collect information about them, it will not be correct if someone wants to go to me in consultation. If he wants to collect, then he will make an inquiry and I will assign him time. And he will deal with it. He will deal with it.  Even for those who don't know their own thoughts. And about business processes. Business processes change. The person changes. His style of behavior, his vision, plus-minus, remains. I would probably like this.  What would it be, I think? For example? For example, a bot that just wants to reflect every day every day. How did your day go? What are your thoughts on today?  He asks questions. It's more of a case. I think it's also possible to use it. It's not possible to solve the situation. He helps the person to understand it.  Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.  If it doesn't bring you money in the moment. If I don't have time to reflect, I'm going to be very fast in the way. But it's not every day. How often do you think they can do it?  Well, it can be done, let's say, once in a week. Once in a week, yes, well, to avoid the results and to build some plans. Well, once in a week, a lot of things forgets. But every day it is... Well, every day... How can I do it?  Можно не навязывать ежедневную, не пушить каждый день, просто периодически напоминать, что если тебе хочется в чем-то разобраться, пиши. Если есть какая-то мысль, с которой непонятно, что делать.  Let's try to do it. Let's try to do it. Let's try to do it. Push. Do you want to reflect once in a week? Well, I don't know. I don't know how to think about it. Well, in psychology, in esoterics, it works well.  Yeah, that's why I didn't want to be a bot on this topic. Well, I've got a lot of them, probably. Not all of them, but those who use it, I'm quite довольны. I can see them? Yes, I'll show them.  Есть неплохое решение для... Это что-то вроде коучинга. Заказчик помогает учиться переговорам.  learn to speak. And a little bit called, I'll say, what to answer. He's going to decide a small task. He's going to give a screen for a copy. He's going to make a big deal. There's something that's going on, but it's better so.  I can show you now. I can show you now. I can show you now. She is now in final разработ.  beta-версии I can show you for psychologs. You have only only one of them? Or are there any other products? It's not the main thing. Just Peter saw, when I completed the survey, I wrote, that it's business Taro. I lead business games on Taro.  It's marketing on Taro, development marketing strategies, strategy business, positioning, analysis of concurrents. This is what I do on Taro. So I'm talking about this bot. I don't even know how to do it.  Because there are any kind of things here. Listen, let me call you, because they are still there. Yeah, let's go.  but I'm going to write and wait for the phone and I'm going to find another thing.  Uh oh.